Machine Learning Engineer, Network Assurance Data Platform
Rolle, Switzerland
Please note that we have a hybrid approach to work and are looking for someone who can come into our offices in Rolle two days per week.
Who We Are
Cisco ThousandEyes is a Digital Experience Assurance platform that empowers organizations to deliver flawless digital experiences across every network – even the ones they don’t own. Powered by AI and an unmatched set of cloud, internet and enterprise network telemetry data, ThousandEyes enables IT teams to proactively detect, diagnose, and remediate issues – before they impact end- user experiences.

ThousandEyes is deeply integrated across the entire Cisco technology portfolio and beyond, helping customers deploy at scale while also delivering AI-powered assurance insights within Cisco’s leading Networking, Security, Collaboration, and Observability portfolios.

About The Role
As an AI Researcher on the Network Assurance Data Platform team, you will be responsible for building the next-generation routing engine for the Internet using Data Science, Machine Learning (ML), and Artificial Intelligence (AI). The size, diversity, and richness of our data are simply unmatched. The Internet is changing fast, and we are too. The objective of this confidential product is to adopt a highly novel and ambitious approach for optimizing networks to better serve applications.

What You’ll Do
You and your team will be designing and implementing large-scale machine learning pipelines. Our technology stack includes Python as well as a wide range of internal tools built on top of Apache Spark, TensorFlow, and other Big Data technologies.

Minimum requirements
Proven software development experience with Python.
You possess a deep understanding of the intricacies inherent in machine learning systems.
Experience transforming abstract machine learning concepts into robust, efficient, and scalable solutions.
Preferred requirements
PhD in a related field.
Experience in crafting machine learning models and expertise spanning neural networks, decision trees, and other methodologies.
Experience with LLM related techniques.
Fluent in machine learning frameworks such as SKLearn, XGBoost, PyTorch, or Tensorflow.
Experience transforming abstract machine learning concepts into robust, efficient, and scalable solutions.
Experience in the entire lifecycle of machine learning, from conceptualization and development to deployment and continual refinement.
Cisco values the perspectives and skills that emerge from employees with diverse backgrounds. That's why Cisco is expanding the boundaries of discovering top talent by not only focusing on candidates with educational degrees and experience but also placing more emphasis on unlocking potential. We believe that everyone has something to offer and that diverse teams are better equipped to solve problems, innovate, and create a positive impact.

We encourage you to apply even if you do not believe you meet every single qualification. Not all strong candidates will meet every single qualification. Research shows that people from underrepresented groups are more prone to experiencing imposter syndrome and doubting the strength of their candidacy. We urge you not to prematurely exclude yourself and to apply if you're interested in this work.

Cisco is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis. Cisco will consider for employment, on a case by case basis, qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.